#Meeting 20140-03-18

8 people present

#Accounts
Money total:
	£926.21


MakeIt-Glo

* One digispark broke, will buy from Ed 
* Everyone is hungover except Ed.


#Directors report
* Rack is up and running
* Everyones time is being taken by make something?
* we are being sponsored by Bitfolk, got a VPS , website has been moved
* *Iain fix the server! Add try-catchs*
* Globalsign will provide wildcard HTTPS certificate for free
* Add section to website: supporters and sponsors
* We were contacted by "open rights group", they want us to be part of open rights group scotland - "org.co.uk"

##Space security,
* We ordered London bars
* replace locks. 
* CCD cameras are being picked up
* safe lock will be acquired

##Looking into the council to see if we qualify as a small business.
* Police think security improvements are good idea
* lock-picking workshop:
* £15 added
* £5 per person for all Thursday night events - non members
	
* There is **dangerous** stuff in the space now (Jigsaw, drill)
* Need procedure for using new equipment


#Review previous actions

* Sort out social media email address
* Automate filtering of social media emails OR multiple email aliases e.g. facebooks@57north.co or googles@57north.co

##Iain - posters for advertising:
* Poster has been created - no-one has seen it
* Action: Iain send email to discuss mailing list

##Intro workshop/new members
* We have loads of Makeitglo spares
* Action: ed add remaining Digisparks to bill - space will buy them off him
* Keep them for the next workshop


##Bank account
* Majority of directors will go in on Thursday (20th)
* Iain and Tony to work out when to meet and go to bank

##Passwords
* People who want password access need to give SSH keys to Iain


##Emails
* All members will have their username@m.57north.co
* Email notifying people of their actions:
* Action: Create general email going out with latest minutes to all users


#Business cards
* Directors cards
* General cards with empty area


#MakeIt-Glo
* Had workshop on Saturday, it went well
* 2 people didn't show up, they've been emailed for their stuff 
* Open sourcing the workshop as a book/LaTeX


#Hack and Make
* 11th may, 57 North booth
* Make your badge + Digispark workshop
* Party !! WOOT!
* Invite other groups to the party

##Tom needs with help: 
* Ed needs help with Digisparks: 
* Need peoples projects to show off

#There are new pictures of the audio stuff

#Rack
* We have one
* 47U - WOOT
* RACK - DO NOT HACK!

## Compute cluster
* One is up 
* Until we have a proper reason for the cluster: fuck about as you see fit


**We pay for power, start turning things off**


#Break in
* Tom was a **hero**, saved us
* Tom has visited the police several times, checked mugshots
* New security is being installed


#Make Aberdeen
* Joining Make Aberdeen:
* In Belmont street
* Opening hours Mon-Fri 9-5 
* Members will need to help donate (total £180) for a small business membership
    - The space can't afford it

We could distribute marketing material for them 

*It's not evil*


#Cooperation with Satosphere?
* The want a workshop with us?
* We need events that at least cover costs
* Action: event guide


#Photos / media
* We need all pictures for social media
* Options:
    1. Flikr 
    2. phtager
    3. something-goblin
    4. Action: Iain phtager


#Theme-Thursdays
* Thanks for lock-picking
* Also - cards against humanity
* Action Iain: give keys to Rowan?


#Calendar
Rowan will get access from Iain and manage along side other social stuff.

#Replacing HUB
* Take Notinghacks membership system and re brand it
* Try it out and possibly migrate



#keys
There are keys at the door of the space. They are only there for closing the
space when a key holder is not available.

#AOCB
* Fire extinguisher arriving soon.

#Next meeting: whatever OpenTech calendar says

2014-04-15

*Iain will bring pictures of cats to next meeting*


