## Start

20:08

## Attendance

11 people

## Finances

We have £665

### Membership count

Might be broken. Other things that might break with move to website
talk to Iain.

## Passwords

For 57North:
 * Domain name registration - Iain
 * Web site and wiki admin - Iain
 * IRC Channel - Iain
 * Mailing list - Iain
 * Twitter - Tom
 * Open Tech Calendar - Iain
 * VPS is owned by Michael - Iain and Robert have access
 * Hackerdeen social media stuff - Rowan

ACTION: TJ will chase keys from SB
ACTION: Rowan will change G+ and FB and kill hackerdeen twitter

ACTION: Directors (once they are identified) will set up central repo
for passwords

## Furniture

We have more shelves now - hopefully they won't fall down.

There is another standing desk - it doesn't yet have levelling feet as
the T-nuts have gone missing. If anybody comes across them please tell
the mailing list where they are.

We could do with fixing the wobbly desk under whiteboard.

ACTION: Ed will source some desklamps
ACTION: Rowan will remove Xbox
ACTION: Tom to look at sorting out stations for each desk

## Members boxes

Another 10 were obtained. They should be on top of the shelves.

## Party

It happened.

We spent £160, we got £160. Good time was had, but way below expected,
and no profit (other than the spare drinks).

Finances are here : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0An9-tNb6hfXIdF9TVTlveXppUi1ZNEFRSV9CUjNPclE&usp=sharing

## Blinkenlights

There were/are some flashing lights in the ceiling, but less than were
originally planned so there is scope for more work on this.

If anyone wants to work on this speak to Tom.

## Intro workshop

Will make an oscillator based on logo. 

ACTION: Ed will finalise a design.
ACTION: Tony will look into getting PCBs from the same people that
provided for Nottinghack.

## Intro for new members

Tony suggests having a beacon for the person dealing with new people
who turn up.

Others think we should just all be more active about greeting anyone
who comes through the door that we don't recognise.

ACTION: Ed and Rowan will figure out a procedure that should be
followed to introduce people.

## Work Shops

We are planning to run workshops at three events in the future and could 
really do with volunteers to help out.

 - A schools Event being run by Iain
 - Engineering Science Week, being run by Tom, Iain and Ed running in March
 - Hack n Make, happening in May still TBC
 
At the Hack n Make event there is scope to run multiple
workshops. 

Maybe something based off the MakeIt-Glo workshop and a lockpicking
event.

On Sat 15th March we will be running a workshop. We need at least 6
people on the day and lots of work before hand to fabricate things.

For building stuff: Ed will make instructions and leave materials in
the space for people to work on as and when they have time.

Volunteers for the day:
 - Tom
 - Iain
 - Ed
 - Carl
 - Robert
 - Rowan
 - Callum [EnterObsidian] (if he's in this area)

Volunteers to build stuff:
 - Tom
 - Iain
 - Ed
 - Carl
 - Robert
 - Rowan
 - Callum [EnterObsidian] (if he's in this area)

Hack'n'Make is happening on 11th May. There is currently a call for
participants. Tom is thinking we will have a couple of workshops
(lockpicking one on Tony to organise). Deadline for submitting is 2nd
March so we need to figure out what we're doing for then. This one can
involve soldering.

Tony is willing to run a lockpicking workshop in the space. He will
figure out a date and announce that it is happening.

## Cryptoparty

We are planning to run a cryptoparty between mid-Febuary and the end
of it.

This will involve watching a documentary, tutorials on Tor, GPG and
OTR and a GPG key signing event. Once some organisation has happened,
this will be publicised to AberLUG, TechMeetup, BeCyCle and generally
to students at both Universities.

Iain is organising this. He has interest from external people to
organise things.

Tom has volunteered to give a presentation. 

Tony has volunteered to talk about something.

Tony/Tom will organise between them for who're doing what.

## Rebranding

At the company planning meeting it was decided to not register the
business with the name Hackerdeen. When organising the Engineering
Science Week event we also decided a different name was needed. As we
needed a logo and Hackerdeen didn't really bring any ideas we looked
for a different name.

For the Company and Workshops the plan is to use the name **57 North
Hacklab** with the common abbreiviation of **57 North**. We have
logos, a poster, domains irc, twitter all setup.

Should we move to this name for the space entirely and subsume the
name Hackerdeen?

ACTION: Tom/Iain will sort out a coat of arms.

There are no objections so the name/branding is changed.

ACTION: Iain will get posters printed. 

ACTION: Tony will look at getting T-shirts covered by Converged.

## Donations

The space is able to take donations and any none members using the
space should be encouraged to give a little. This will help us build
funds beyond just membership.

We also have a jar for beer money, please donate before taking drink.

For donating stuff that isn't money: it will be handled through the
wiki. Shell will organise this (ACTION).

ACTION: Iain will organise accepting *coin donations.

## Things **YOU** can do for the space

 - Pay membership on time (we are working on standing orders)
 - Help with planned workshops
 - Plan events in the space
 - Run group projects
 - Donate Hardware
 - Bring in new members
  
 Can anyone think of more?

Conclusion is that people should be doing stuff.

## Stock of components

We've talked about getting a stock of components for the space. 

Can we put together a list of what we want for that and then get in
some stock.

What do we want to do for paying for things? Take it out of general
funds? Put a jar somewhere and when using things you should drop some
money in it?

Thinking an honesty type/donation jar type system will work. 

We need to build a list of components. This will happen on the wiki.

## Hot pink

Iain/Malcolm will organise hot pink things.

## Intro email for new members

We agreed at last meeting that we'd like to have something going out
to new members.

Robert has put together something at
https://github.com/hackerdeen/stuff/blob/master/intro-email.txt

Please read and give feedback/ pull requests (will need updated if the
rebranding is agreed).

If we agree this is the right email, the new mailing list can be
configured to send all new people the email.

This will be organised by Directors.

## Music hacking

Callum (EnterObsidian) suggests holding something similar to Edinburgh
Hacklab's Music nights.

http://edinburghhacklab.com/2012/02/music-night-feb-2012/

This is hacking on anything that will make a noise/ showing off things
you have that make a noise.

Idea is to have it be OK to be making annoying noises on music hacking
night.

This is expanding to cover anything that might annoy people: some way
of organising this. Agreed to be done by mailing the list and if it's
agreed Iain will add it to the calendar.

This will now happen on the first Thursday after the 20th each month.

Iain is looking for people to sing.

## AOCB

### Superbowl

There will be people watching the superbowl in the space. Other people
are welcome (as long as they bring their own beer/food). 

ACTION: Tom will sort out stream to watch.

### Where the minutes go

From now the minutes will be kept on the wiki. 

### Stuff that we need

This list will be maintained on the wiki going forward. 

Will be a list of things we want people to donate and things we want
people to work on.

Currently we *really* want wire coat hangers. 

## Legal stuff

We were thinking company limited by guarantee to avoid unlimited
liability.

The accountant said other things - we think he didn't understand
exactly what we were doing.

We need to sort out articles of association - thinking copy from
another hackspace (probably Edinburgh). The directors will copy from
that ad put it on the wiki/somewhere else to edit. Editing will stop
at least a week before filing.

We have "elected" 5 directors:
 - Iain
 - Carl
 - Ed
 - Tony
 - Tom

Roles needed are someone to file paperwork and someone to manage
accounts. Tom has volunteered to do the accounts. Tony is doing the
paperwork.

The board of directors will sort out the details of actually running
things.

We are aiming to incorporate on the 4th Feb. 

## Next meeting/future meetings

We will now have management type meetings on the 3rd Tuesday of every
month.

Kicking off at 19:30

The next meeting is 18th Feb. 

## Done.

21:27

