#Agenda 2014-04-22

##Pictures of cats
Iain will not present his pictures of cats.

##Directors Report
Bank account (we should have one by now)
Thanks to Calum for providing fire extinguisher.

##Dangerous equipment in the space

Ed needs to document the tools bench on the wiki.

##Business cards

Business cards will not be produced by the space.

Members are welcome to create their own cards showing their 57North email addresses.

##Space Network

Rack has been built and populated.

Iain and Carl have admin access to the routers/switches.

All stations have at least 1 ethernet connection.

##Previous actions:

> Rowan + Iain: email accounts for social media.

Email accounts exist, broke all email for a while.

> Iain: Flickr group/media storage

This is nothing to do with Iain. Iain said if you want to set up a Flickr group then just get an email address from him and do it.

> Rowan + Iain: Calendar access - has this been sorted?

OpenTechCalendar is broken.

> Ed + Rowan: New member procedure?

This is important.

> Unknown: Create general email going out with latest minutes to all users.

Iain notes that this is difficult to write a script for if people cannot spell agenda.

##Hack and Make
11th May
Have other groups (Edinburgh/Be-cycle) been invited.
People should confirm they are will ing to help with workshops etc.
Who has a project they would like to show off in our booth?

##Security
Tony: Progress on:
London bars
Replace locks
CCD cameras
Safe lock

##Power
We pay for power.
Carl will document a closing procedure to power off all non-essential items.
This should be placed by the door and is the responsibility of the last person out to make sure it is followed.

##Photos/media
We need pics for social media of us being super rad and stuff.
Do we have enough?

##Themed Thursdays
We should have just had an excellent night playing Red Alert 2.
Unless more Themed Thursdays are volunteered, there will be no more Themed Thursdays.

##Replacing hub
Hub does not need to be replaced.

##Cooperation with Satrosphere
Has any ation been taken on this?
Is this going to have to wait until after the Hack and Make?

## Future meetings

Do we need to have a serious business meeting every month?

It is useful to have regular state-of-the-space updates but do we need
to be having an actual meeting to go through this? meetings burn quite
lot of person time, limit the peopl who can participate in discussions
to those who can be present at the time of the meeting, force any
discussion on an issue to include everyone rather than just those who
care about it, and because of that include pressure to not discuss
things too much.

PROPOSAL: Do away with the actual meeting part of our meetings.
Instead collate a state-of-the-space update from what would currently
be the agenda to go out to -announce on the current meeting
schedule. Discussion about any of the issues can happen on -discuss or
with single topic face to face meetings as desired by the people
interested in that topic.


##AOCB

##Next Meeting

The next meeting will be the AGM.
