*** Directors Meeting Minutes ***

Date: 25/10/14
Location: Archies, Aberdeen.

In attendance:
Tom Jones, Edward Watson, Robert McWilliam, Carl Anderson, David Hibbard

Time start: 19:26

Chair person: Tom
Minutes: Ed

1) Updating director information for maillist(s) and banking

Mail lists:
 - Tom: Ctte mailman mail-lists have been updated by a server admin (Iain)
 - It is to be noted that ctte-private emails can be seen by server admins. Encryption should be used for private messages.
 - Tom is now receiving emails from the main 57north contact mail-list. Tom will forward on proper emails and filter spam.
 
Banking
 - Printed forms were distributed for filling out by new directors (to include the removal of outgoing directors)
 - Ed to fill out online banking forms
 - Ed to return forms to RBS for processing
 
2) Updating Companies House
 - Ed to reset CH credentials
 - Ed to share new CH credentials with all directors
 - CH changes to be made by Ed:  Rob and Dave to be added as directors, Iain and Calum to be removed
 - Rob to add new articles to CH 
 
3) Premises going forward
 - Rob to ask landlady regarding the availability of the room next door
 - Rob to request update on the fixing of the toilet floor. Ask if space members complete the job for a concession (e.g. 1 months rent) 
 - Rob to share management of electric billing. Will resume communications with Sheena regarding how it is paid.
 - Dave to purchase a new larger bin and sturdy bin bags for the the space and arrange improved signage.
 - Rob to investigate adding a door intercom to the street door
 - Carl to resume inquiries regarding other premises
 
4) Key policy going forward
 - Members cannot get into the space from the front door (Evident from survey feedback)
 - New keys to be made and shared out in a controlled manner to any member (£10 deposit and registration)
 - Carl: To cut £20 worth of new keys and mark them with IDs
 - All: There is an issue of how we deal with access for members in arrears. This will be put to the membership for feedback.
 - Carl to survey membership for who has what space keys

5) AOCB
 a Resolution for reoccurring rent payments
   - Board: Ed is authorised to continue payments
 b Assign task: Register for rates re council
   - Tom and Dave to take the lead 
 c Contact land lady about other room and BR floor
   - See above
 d Removal of junk, bigger bins
   - Re bin, see above. Ed to audit junk and consult membership 
 e Website update (Open Tues, Directors)
   - Dave to place call to the membership to take on administration roles for social media
 f Survey feedback
   - Ed to post digest of results to membership 
 g Hackhub
   - Rob will teach hackhub to better track payments for membership
   - Server admins to move hackhub to an existing bitfolk server
   - Hackhub v2 is currently awaiting proposals and a projects owner from the membership

Time End: 20:38
