## Finances

How much money have we got?

### Membership count

A count of how many people have paid each month is now available at http://hackerdeen.org/api/membership

There is a lousy graph of that at
http://hackerdeen.org/api/membership/graph and the bot in the IRC
channel will give a text version in response to ?histogram.

Anyone who wants to improve the graph (or anything else on the
website) should talk to Robert.

## Passwords

Do we have a full list yet?

## Furniture

We have more shelves now - hopefully they won't fall down.

There might be another standing desk too...

## Members boxes

We should have some more available.

## Party

It happened.

Did we break even? Make a profit?

## Blinkenlights

There were/are some flashing lights in the ceiling, but less than were
originally planned so there is scope for more work on this.

## Legal stuff / organising an actual organisation

We are now at the time we agreed to revisit this.

Plan from last meeting is that those who're interested in figuring
this out should have a meeting on 22nd Jan and then report back.

Need to confirm date for this and get an idea of who's doing it (or at
least make sure that someone is...).

## Intro workshop

What's happening with this?

## Stock of components

We've talked about getting a stock of components for the space. 

Can we put together a list of what we want for that and then get in some stock. 

What do we want to do for paying for things? Take it out of general
funds? Put a jar somewhere and when using things you should drop some
money in it?

## Intro email for new members

We agreed at last meeting that we'd like to have something going out to new members. 

Robert has put together something at
https://github.com/hackerdeen/stuff/blob/master/intro-email.txt

Please read and give feedback/ pull requests.

## AOCB