# People present

Robert McWilliam
Tom Jones
Ed Watson
Kevin Mulhern

# Apologies

Dave Hibberd

# Meeting begins

19:42

# Chair

Kevin Mulhern

# Minutes

Robert McWilliam

# Dismemberment

The following member's memberships are terminated:
 * Bruce273
 * ana
 * bambie
 * bergin
 * gistad
 * kalehh
 * kes
 * lime
 * megamolis
 * merlinstail
 * neiljp
 * papasean
 * peet
 * rcblob
 * stuartpaterson480
 * ajf
 * derecho
 * calum
 * chil
 * aidank

# AGM

Will happen Tuesday 4th April 19:30

Robert will announce this before the deadline (once he's figured out what it is).

## Financial report

Ed will prepare this.

## Activity report

Stuff from last years:

### Membership

Robert will count the members.

### Changes to the space

We got a sofa, we moved most other things in the space to make space for it. 

### Places we went
#### CampGND
#### EMF
#### CCCongress

### Meetings
This is the only one.

# Creative funding

Hibby will investigate this further and action an application. 

# AOCB

## Anatomy rooms

Kevin will get in touch with Anatomy rooms organiser to see if there is any possibility of cooperation there. 

# Meeting ends

20:07
