Directors meeting 31/01/15

Attending:
Dave Hibberd, Tom Jones, Carl Anderson, Ed Watson, Rob McWilliam

Meeting start: 15:20

Chair: Dave Hibberd

Minute: Edward Watson

1) Table a resolution to acquire services of an accountant for our
hackerspace and authorise payment limit for said accountant
All: recommended by other spaces that we need an accountant
All: suggest £400 as a ceiling value

RESOLUTION to set payment limit of £400: passed unanimously. All
directors tasked to research accountants by 14th Feb

2) Discussion regarding the administration of space servers  (e.g.
delegation and communication)

DH: We need to know who owns and operates everything including domains.
All: .co domain to be kept for time being, redirecting to new .org.uk
All: We need to transfer servers, certs and domains to '57north Hacklab
ltd'
RM: cannot take control of KS1.hackerdeen (host for hackhub.)
ALL: need to transfer to space-owned server, need a plan for that -
possibly Garioch
RM: Server Garioch is not secure, therefore not fit for use presently.
EW: Who will manage the machines?
RM: suggests assigning managers to specific services, all directors
should have access to the key 3 servers (KS1, Garioch and Doorbot)
TJ: suggest 57n keypair, with public key shared
RM: will take on the 3 servers for the short term
ALL: Directors to seek long term solution
DH: suggests adding personal web space
RM: re Wiki, we can have a mirror of the hackr version that backs-up
ALL: re space infrastructure - Suggests 5 public-facing services for
consideration: Front web page, membership, wiki-backup, DNS and mail
server (inc mailman)
EW: Can we have one box for these?
ALL: has been tried before, not successfully
ALL: Buy a VPS package from Bitfolk
CA: £90/yr quote for bitfolk
ALL: Use Garioch as is, spin up a new bitfolk VPS and migrate hackhub to
it.

RESOLUTION to buy-in a bitfolk base VPS: passed unanimously.

RM: what about users access to Garioch
TJ: Remove all accounts to the key 3 servers, then add accounts for
those who want access.
ALL: RM tasked to do the above

3) Directors keysigning

4) Review progress of past actioned agenda items

EW: additional AP to add all directors to non-moderation on announce
mail list
RE re locations, nothing affordable has been found. Directers to
continue looking for new space opportunities
RE door intercom, check with landlady
RE Key policy,
 RM: Need to audit who has keys, DH to email group
RE Rates
 TJ: Landlord is registered to pay for building, seems no rates needed
for our size
 RM: We still need to register for it and perhaps check with landlady
 EW: email landlady re this
RE More room in the building would be good
 EW: email landlady re this

5) AOCB

a) Venue for decision making
 ALL: discussions physically at the space that lead to decisions
should be sent to the discuss mail list

b) Financial reporting
 ALL: from the 1st of the month, treasurer to email: Monies in, Monies
out, Balance to Announce

c) Code of conduct
 All: we need an official code of conduct and diversity statement, CA
to add to new wiki.

d) lease
 EW to email landlady for 6mth lease + rates + more room

e) Who owns the public-facing social media?

FB: CA
Twitter: TJ
Flickr: RM
G+: CA
Subreddit: IRL
IRC: IRL

Meeting end: 16:54

