---
title: 57North AGM 2020
author: Andy
date: 4 May 2020
geometry: margin=1in
papersize: a4
toc: true
---

# Agenda for the meeting:

* Election of meeting chair
* Previous AGM minutes
* Report on activities since last AGM (directors report)
* Treasurer's report
* Discussion of suggested ways the space can assist those affected by the Pandemic, including a 6-month fees holiday for those affected.
* AOCB
* Election of directors

# Attending

* Ed 
* Wouter
* Tom
* Hibby
* Rob
* Peter
* Andy
* Iain - arrived at ~19:53

# Election of meeting chair etc

* **Chair**: Ed 
* **Minutes**: Andy
* **Start**: 19:41 04-05-2019

# Refs

* AGM Announcement - https://lists.57north.co/pipermail/57north-announce/2020-April/000535.html
* Previous AGM minutes https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2019/19-04-16.AGM.minutes.md
* Report on activities since last AGM https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2020/20-05-04-directors-report.md

* Treasurer's Report
https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2020/Treasurers%20Report%20-%20YE%2028th%20February%202020.pdf



# Items discussed

## 0) Review of previous AGM minutes
The previous AGM’s minutes were briefly reviewed.  No issues or points were raised.

## 1) State of Membership (DR item 0)
* Reviewed membership numbers from directors report.
* Tom raised that members who usually pay cash have had no way to pay during self-isolation, and so appear to be non-paying members (which they are not).
* The Removal / dismemberment process was discussed. The process is being documented on the new Wiki. 

## 2) Kettock lodge (DR items 1 & 2)
* We discussed the move and reasons for the move.
* We discussed settling in process and are now enlarged space.
* We discussed the loose agreement with the contact at AAD.
* We are currently just paying bills, at a rate of £200 per quarter.
* We agreed it is a positive situation with many benefits.

## 3) Bookkeeping, Accounts and HMRC  (DR items 3 & 4)
* Andy described current bookkeeping and accounts process.
* He mentioned the positives of doing our own HMRC submission, saving money.  
* He mentioned negatives as stress and the learning curve.
* He described the issues with one problematic submission.

## 4) Wiki move (DR item 5)
* Hibby described the wiki move, motivations, issues and progress. 
* Rob asked about user account creation, Hibby mentioned spam issues but suggested opening account creation for a period.

## 5) Hackspace in a pandemic (DR item 6)
* There are numble meetings on Tuesday, Friday and Saturday, just ad-hoc organised via mailing list. Feedback on the use of mumble was positive.
* We agreed to try and think of positive ways for the hackspace to exist in the current situation.

## 6) Charity Status and Funding (DR items 7 & 8)
* We acknowledged that charitable status was discussed before, most recently at directors meeting last summer, it was put on the back burner because of the issues with Engage Space and the need to move.
* We decided it would be a good time to revisit it, now we have a bite more time.
* Agreed to contact ACVO and see if they’re still operating.
* Funding has not been looked into much in the last 12 months.
* Ed agreed to revisit it, looking again at the documents written before.
* Our new more secure financial situation may be better for funding where fund matching is an option.

## 7) Workshops (DR item 9)
* Ed commented it was not a strong weapon for member recruitment.
* We generally agreed some events like TechFest did not seem to be a good proposition.
* Ed said such events are good for general public awareness of the HackSpace.
* Events with ASC were positive, may be some good opportunities when ASC moves back into it’s permanent home.
* Ed will communicate with Maha to retain that link.

## 8) Equipment (DR item 10)
* It was reported that the Lulzbot 3D printer has issues with software.  Need to investigate if using Debian stable is ok or if an Ubuntu LTS would work better, or if something like Octoprint is better.  Lulzbot’s version of Cura is not a long term option, now the company has gone bust.
* We agreed it was worth documenting that the Lulzbot was purchased by an ad-hoc group of members and donated to the space.
* Some discussion took place regarding whether the lulzbot was a capital asset.  We agreed that we might need to identify what value make's something a capital asset.  Rob mentioned if this was relative to funds, then the number would go up and down, and would now be higher.

## 9) Events (DR item 11)
* Those present who attended CampGND said it was enjoyable.
* The amateur radio events (2 in the last 12 months) were good and raised awareness of the hackspace.
* It was reported that NorthernRST was also enjoyable and brought people to the space.
* It was noted that EMF Camp was cancelled due the COVID19. The next one is 2022.
* It was noted that there is still a Dutch Camp next year. At least one person said they planned to go.
* It was noted that there is still a Camp in Bonn next year.

## 10) Publications
* It was reported that Tom’s Hackspace magazine article was very positive for the space.
* The magazine is always looking for content and got in touch.

## 11) Some other form of membership (DR item 13)
* It was generally agreed that it is something that would be good to do.
* Iain said it would be handy for radio stuff.
* Ed asked if we’d need to change any legal documents.
* Rob said yes, if they’re members.
* Tom suggested calling them something else: supporters, fans, donors.
* All agreed that, as an initiative, we need someone to take it forward.

## 12) Treasurer’s report

Ed presented the Treasurer’s report:

Based over the last 6 months of the accounting period these books represent (19/20), our average expenditure decreased to an average £185/mnth and our average income remained approx £380/mnth, leading to an average monthly surplus of £195 over that latter period. 

As of the start of this 20/21 accounting period. we have grown a monthly average surplus of approx £320 but this is expected to fall in line with a current trend in smaller numbers of paying members. As of Monday 4th May 2020, the bank account stands at £2755.88. Our next total bill for rent/services costs will be £200, due end-June. 

In summary, since moving and reducing our rental bill we have been moved into a relatively healthy rolling surplus for the time being. 

The full report is available at:
https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2020/Treasurers%20Report%20-%20YE%2028th%20February%202020.pdf

It was generally viewed as being a positive financial situation.

## 12) Discussions on what to do re current pandemic situation
* The question of 'do we need to change the normal process for payment?' was raised.
* Discussion on the current process if a member has missed a months or more of membership. The process is not wholly documented as-is.  Agreed to discuss this further at the next directors meeting.
* Members present agreed that a sympathetic email should be drafted making members aware that if they wre struggling as a result of the pandemic they should not worry too much about missing membership payments.
* Ed raised the idea of adding focus to being a tool library.  As we can’t function as a place of social assemble at the moment, being more of a tool library would be of benefit to members.
* Discussion took place on what could be done to be a more effective tool library, like documenting tools and equipment, owned by the space and members. 

## 13) Mandatory Bikeshedding (not in order of occurrence)
* 60,000 trig points in the UK was a fun fact.
* There was some discussion of Jitsi as a platform, latency, warm devices and blurred backgrounds.
* Peter’s clock widget overlay thing was agreed by all to be kind of nice.


# Election of directors

All directors stand down, as per previous precedent.

5 candidates nominated themselves to be directorsL
* Hibby
* Tom
* Andy
* Ed
* Peter

No voting required, as 5 is the maximum number of directors.

Directors confirmed:
* Hibby
* Tom
* Andy
* Ed
* Peter

Meeting concluded at 20:44.


