57 North AGM 2021 Agenda:

Meeting Start: 1941

Attendees:

Wouter Pissens
Ed Watson
Dave Hibberd
Robert McWilliam
Andy Gaskell
Tom Jones
Iain Learmonth
Tony Travis


# Election of meeting chair

Tom nominates Andy

Andy is doing it

# Previous AGM minutes

Reviewed the minutes from the 2020 AGM
https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2020/20-05-04.AGM.minutes.md


# Report on activities since last AGM

https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2021/21-05-04-directors-report.md

Wouter asks if links to irc and workadventure are in the wiki

Hibby: irc should be, workadventure can be added

Andy asks about things post pandemic (and on going)

Hibby: in September (2020) our plan was to return a couple of weeks after the
       schools went back and instead we were locked down again. We had a bbq
       last year outside in summer and more like that would be good.
       
Hibby: There is a key for each paying member and they can access the space as
       they want.
       
Andy: it would be good to have open nights again

Tom : it would be great for members of our community to self organise events,
      but unfortunately it is also the same people organising things.
      
Andy: the directors are keen to encourage people to run events through the
      space, more people doing so will really help our community.

Andy: I will read through the guidelines and figure out what we can do

Hibby: they are complicated and the guidelines mostly address outdoor spaces

# Treasurer's report

https://github.com/hackerdeen/meetings/blob/master/2021/Treasurers%20Report%20-%20YE%2028th%20February%202021.pdf

# Election of directors

All directors are stood down

Standing:
* Andy Gaskell 
* Tom Jones
* Dave Hibberd 
* Wouter Pissens
* Iain Learmonth

and selected

# Any Other Competent Business

Iain would like the directors to agree the date by which they will have
scheduled a meeting.

Andy: as chair of this meeting the directors will arrange the next board
      meeting within the next 7 days.

Rob: should we change the membership dues considering our expenses are so low?

Tom: it think changing up would be very difficult. I don't think that there is
     evidence that hte number is driving people away.
     
Tony: people are over paying

Rob: that is only evidence that those that can pay, can afford more

Andy: the lack of open night is probably a problem

Andy: the directors should consider this in the next board meeting

Iain: we should remove the fee from the articles, there should be multiple
      levels of membership and we should streamline the process more and make
      online payments possible.
      
Andy: more membership tiers would be good

Hibby: we have also considered remote membership tiers

Tom: we have had this conversation many times and it always results in
     requiring a change to the articles or looking at different forms of
     operation like becomming a charity.
     
Hibby: it is worth looking at how we operate day to day and fixing our process.

Tony: what about a minibus bus or something on tuesday nights considering we
      have money?
      
Tom: we have tried lifts before, the number has only really been one so that
     might make more sense.

Tony: what about running virtual machines and providing virtual machines to
      member
      
Tom: we don't have internet access, covid stopped the converged process

Hibby: once we have internet this should be easier

Meeting End: 2034
