1. Update on Actions from last meeting
   - Iain, accounts LDAP
   - Tony plan workshops on lockpicking
   - Micheal approach PWC
   - Iain and Stepan, audit accounts/keys
   - Tony full height rack.
   - Iain, Royal society membership/grant
   - Rowan is going after craig for desks
   - Rob more chairs
   - Iain has a draw thing
   - Tom will ask work for free former lab stuff
   - Malcolm ask Nick about BT business line
   - Malcolm find out when front door locks
   - Party Commitee(Carl,Rowan,Graham) make a partay plan.
   - Ed plan first open night.
   - Rowan looks at thefacebooks
1. Non-members using the space
   What is our policy on non-members coming along? 
   Are they welcome for some small number of appearances and then should pay up or get lost?
   Welcome on open nights (Tuesdays)?
   Welcome whenever the space is open?
1. Furniture
   We have some now.
   Thinking to hold off on making second work bench for a while to see what issues there are with the current design so please give feedback.
   Stools: we have one of http://www.argos.co.uk/static/Product/partNumber/6006596.htm and it seems to be robust enough. A few more looks like a cheap way to get more seating that'll easily stack out of the way when not needed.
1. Organising things
   We could do with sorting out where things are kept so they are easier to find and not just left lying around. 
1. Leaving stuff in the space
   What is the policy on leaving things in the space?
   Is there a difference for tools/equipment that would be there permanently vs projects that would be temporary?
   Common pattern in other spaces to have boxes available for members to store stuff in the space. 
1. Tom's Blinkenlights
1. Internets
1. Things we need/want
   - Microwave
   - Cutlery
   - dust masks
   - cutting mats
   - knives
   - cable ties
1. AOCB




