# Minutes for November 19, 2013 #
## Present

T. Jones (Chair), C. Anderson, C. Coward, C. Craig, R. Evenstar,
I. Learmonth, R. McWilliam, E. Watson

## Absent
L. Bohacova, S. Bujnak, T. Shannon, M. Still

## Also present
R. Scott

## Meeting Begins
20:12

## Apologies
M. Still sends his apologies.

## Announcements
No announcements.

## Financial Report

Malcolm is not available to provide an accurate figure. R. McWilliam
belives that we currently have approximately £500.

## Old Business
1. The minutes of the previous meeting were not approved.

1. I. Learmonth reports that the LDAP and HackHub system are
functioning and will be handing the codebase over to R. McWilliam for
the adding of further functionality. He will also be providing a means
for other applications to use the HackHub’s authentication system.

1. R. Evenstar reports that T. Shannon would be available to organise
lockpicking workshops "whenever".

1. M. Schlafli suggested at the previous meeting that an accountant
should be approached to work for us on a pro-bono basis. He was not
present at the meeting, so progress here is unknown.

1. R. Evenstar reports that T. Shannon is continuing to keep an eye
out for a 42U rack.

1. I. Learmonth reports that he has not yet applied for RSA membership
and so the funding oppertunity is not yet available.

1. T. Jones reports that the standing desk is the correct height for
him. It is agreed that the last desk will not be built until we have
ascertained that the current desk is the correct height for everyone.

1. T. Shannon has emailed the mailing list reporting that the Internet
connection is sorted and will appear soon.

1. M. Still was to check about the front door lock, but was not
present.

## Party Committee Report

1. C. Anderson reports that the event will start with a cocktail
making class. This will be limited to 8 people and will cost £10. The
class includes a free cocktail shaker to keep and will include fire.

1. Drinks will be served from 8pm onwards in an "all you can drink
until we run out of drink" manner.

## Open Night Committee Report

1. E. Watson reports that he plans to organise the first open night to
be after Christmas.

1. He has suggested Mondays for the open nights and there were no
objections.

1. It was agreed that open nights would mainly be attended by people
that have a view to becoming a member, not just the general public.

1. R. McWilliam points out that we would have liability if someone had
their limbs removed whilst in the space, but that no one would give us
public liability insurance anyway so we should probably just hope it
doesn't happen.

## New Business 

1. R. Evenstar reports that she has been active on the Facebook page
and promoting the page on other technology related pages on Facebook.

1. R. McWilliam will add functionality to HackHub to allow for members
to post to the hackerdeen Twitter account.

1. Non-members in the space policy is discussed. R. Evenstar suggests
that non-members only be allowed on Tuesday meetings. R. McWilliam
suggests that non-members are allowed at any time but the person they
are with is responsible for their actions. E. Watson suggests it is
better for the non-member to come on a Monday or Tuesday as they will
likely find people into their projects the rest of the week. T. Jones
suggests a non-member guestbook.  I. Learmonth suggests that if a
non-member’s presence is becoming a problem, it would likely resolve
itself quite quickly. It was agreed that we can rely on people telling
people to go away if they become a nuisance.

4. The problem of tool storage is raised. I. Learmonth suggests we
store the tools in the empty drawers and then label them. Everyone
agrees.

5. It is agreed that no equipment labelled "DO NOT HACK" can be hacked
on pain of pain.  It is also agreed that any equipment not labelled
"DO NOT HACK" and left in the space is forfeit, within reason.

6. T. Jones reports that he has a "beginner project" to introduce
people to microcontrollers and electronics that will place a
peer-to-peer controlled network in the ceiling with LEDs.  £100 will
produce 40, one for every tile.

7. T. Jones announces that Ludum Dare will be happening soon and that
a meetup will be held in the hackerspace.

## Meeting Adjourned
21:02

## Next Meeting
Tuesday, December 17th, at 19:00
