# Agenda for December 17, 2013

## Finances

How much money have we got?

## Keys/passwords

How are we doing with tracking these down?

## Furniture

Feedback on first desk and planning for building the second one. 

Feedback on shelves (one fell off the wall...) and planning for building more.

Do we need/want any other furniture?

## Layout of the space

There were plans floating around for a reorganisation. 

## Internet

We have a connection now. 

What should we be doing for our side of the sponsorship of that? Link
on website? Where/ to what? Poster up in space?

## Members boxes

We have more members than we curently have boxes. Are there members
who want a box but don't have one?

If getting more boxes: more of the same or something different?

## Party

Update.

## blinkenlights

Update.

## Tool storage 

We've started putting hand tools in the bottom drawer of the unit to
the right of the safe. Can they please go back there after use.

## Doorbot

Doorbot could do with some work:

 - Move to beaglebone so it can be wired up permanently and tidily
   rather than the current mess of wires.
 - Make it easier to update the list of allowed cards.
 - Hook it up to the members DB. 

Anyone want to help with any of that?

## Hackhub/website

If anyone ahs something they think should be on the site or wants to
help with implementing things talk to Robert or Iain.


## AOCB


