# Minutes for December 17, 2013

## Start
19:21

## People
There are 9 people here.

## Finances

We currently have Â£625 cash on hand.

## Passwords

Still need to gather list of everything.

Some details from Iain sent to mailing list. 

Should be chased again for next meeting.

## Furniture

Desk might be OK - there were no actual complaints. We will not make
the other desk till after new year party.

Shelves are a good idea. Robert is going to look at make some this weekend. 

## Layout of space

Interested in reorganising but we have no idea if the layout on the
plans that have been floating around are measured out/ will work. If
anyone wants to look at this they should

## Internet

Tony to give details to Robert of what is needed on the website and it
will then be put up on the website.

## Members boxes

We now have all of the boxes used. We could do with some more. Robert
will have a look at what another batch will cost.

## Party

The booze will be bought tomorrow. 

A website will be made to allow ordering of stuff - worst case
scenario Carl will do it in notepad. Better option will be if someone
is willing to help - volunteers should speak to Carl.

Invites will be going out shortly to all and sundry - anyone who wants
to come should then be buying a ticket. 

## Blinkenlights

Still trying to find white sheets of packing foam to do the diffusion. 

Prototypes have been build of master and slave.

Tom is back in Aberdeen around 27th/28th and might then be looking for
some help putting things together.

## Tool storage

Things should now go back where they should be. 

## doorbot 

Rowan and Ed have volunteered to help.

## Website

Rowan has volunteered to help with this. She will send a key to Robert
and be given access.

## Roles within the space/  legal status

We probably want 3 people to form a board. 

Accountant/treasurer. 

We could also do with a single point of contact who knows who is
handling everything digital + has access to take over if someone
handling something disappears.

Someone to coordinate management of the physical space. Making sure
things are tidied up, rubbish taken out, new consumables ordered as
needed etc.

Calling for volunteers now - they should raise a virtual hand on the
mailing list.

Will look into actual legal structure in January - probably break out
the volunteers for the different positions to actually figure out the
legal stuff that has to happen.

Looking at the Wednesday after the Jan meeting. 

## Open day

Probably doing something to give an intro to electronics to school
kids at Aberedeen Uni some time early next year.

Need to figure out what we're doing for that. Ed and Iain are
coordinating for now - looking for more volunteers to help.

## AOCB

### Last minutes weren't approved

We don't actually approve minutes - if nobody complains about them
they're assumed to be fine.

### Process for registering new people

Need to figure out what we should be doing with new members. 

They should be added into hack hub and we can then send them an email
to give details of various things.

People shouldn't be pushed into being members when they are first
here. They are welcome to come along for a while and figure out if
they want to be members. 

Mailing to everybody added to hackhub is easy enough if someone can
figure out what should be emailed and we make sure that people
actually get added when they become members.

### Security

Shouldn't be giving people access to the spa unless there are a few
people who know them and we are sure they're not going to make a mess
of the space.

We could do with putting something over the window in the door. Tom
volunteered that he has a poster waiting to go up and so will put that
up soon.

### Emergency contacts

We don't want to get into this. 

### Hackhub to twitter

Robert might get to this at some point. If anyone else wants to do it
they are more than welcome.

## Next meeting

21st January @ 20:00 

## Done 

20:21


