#Meeting

Open:2003

Competent counter asked, counting is hard
average idiot score is 16

1. Malcolm has no idea, 
	Statement should include,
		How much we have,
		how much we are owed
		how much we owe
	Balance roughly: £525 cash
	Owe:			£200 for rent
2. State of the hackerspace
	- Furniture
		- Iain, the desk is falling apart
		- Craig has offered desks, Rowan belives we just need transport.
		- Rob will arrange a van for thursday, 
		- More chairs, Rob.
		- We will take and collaspale chairs,
		- Iain has a draw thing, 
		- Tom will ask to aquire stuff form work
		- Request for shelving.
	- Internet Connection
		- Malcolm: Nothing, Nicks holiday
		- Tony: Works for an ISP, offer of free internet, cost of line rental. Gentlemans agreement on fair use, dont rape the hell out of it. We could put up a post for the free internet. Tony will hold liability for the BT line, his incentive to maintain his. 
		- The internet is awesome.
		- Do we need put the free net by Nick? YES.
		- If Nick wants the office, he could take over the internet.
	- When is the front door to the building locked?
		- Seems to be locked over the weekend.
		- When does the top lock get locked. Malcolm
3. New Year Party
	- We need to figure out what we can make for the party.
	- Tony has decks
	- Carl can bartend and do cocktails. Carl can teach cocktailing. 
	- Here, maybe an after party near by.
	- Iain has a raptus, big thing with a dj thing. DMX control
	- We need party planners. Rowan, Carl, Graham
	- Planners will self organise.
	- Planners will return at next meeting with a plan.
4. Open Nights
	- Monthly Open nights
	- Where we entertain you
	- Workshop nights are different.
	- Ed Watson, will do the first one in Janurary.
5. Themed Night Ideas
	- Board Games Night
	- Micheal has a freakenstein project idea
	- Multi player gaming. Tony has a vm.
	- Lug
	- Construction nights
6. Donation Sources
	- We want free shit
	- Tony will give us lots of stuff.
	- Problem is transport.
	- Tony has a full height rack. We want one with doors.
	- Does anyone has experience writing bids
		- Iain, royal society for arts. £3000 for being listed in a community skills bank. Iain has an on going process. 
	- UK Hackspace foundation.
		- we will approach if we find somethin we want money for.
	- Contact makelab, action for Rob.
7. Key Management
	- Iain and stepan will do an audit of keys. Return next meeting.
8. VPS
	- We have a php solution on Iain's server. 
	- Iain has reimplemented this, auth agaist LDAP.
	- Shell access? Yes
	- Iain is a liar, it is a dedicated server.
	- We will look at later.
9. Rules
	- 0-3 are okay.
	- 4 Will be changed to 'No Dumping'
	- 5 will be added 'No sleeping'
10. Approach an accountant
	- Micheal has a friend at PWC
	- we will accept free advice
11. Accounts on stuff.hackerdeen.org.uk
	- Iain is setting up accounts.
12. Adding cards to doorbot.
	- Rob, speak to row to get cards added.
13. AOCB
	- Tony will run lockpicking workshops
	- paying £5 a week instead of monthly sum. 
		- Malcolm, as long as it is a note
	- Paypal, no. Janurary.
	- Press release? If someone writes one.
	- Clothing, New Year party t shirt, Graham
		- Tom will ask Sammi Samm the Ninja Man
	- Logo
		- Hackspace foundation, register a colour.
14. Actions
	- Iain, accounts LDAP
	- Tony plan workshops on lockpicking
	- Micheal approach PWC
	- Iain and Stepan, audit accounts/keys
	- Tony full height rack.
	- Iain, Royal society membership/grant
	- Rowan is going after craig for desks
	- Rob more chairs
	- Iain has a draw thing
	- Tom will ask work for free former lab stuff
	- Malcolm ask Nick about BT business line
	- Malcolm find out when front door locks
	- Party Commitee(Carl,Rowan,Graham) make a partay plan.
	- Ed plan first open night.
	- Rowan looks at thefacebooks
15. Next meeting
	- 2013/11/19
Close: 2054
